fix: Serialization docs (#4007)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/Documentation~/basics/custom-networkvariables.md

In addition to the standard [`NetworkVariable`s](networkvariable.md) available in Netcode for GameObjects, you can also create custom `NetworkVariable`s for advanced implementations. The `NetworkVariable` and `NetworkList` classes were created as `NetworkVariableBase` class implementation examples. While the `NetworkVariable<T>` class is considered production ready, you might run into scenarios where you have a more advanced implementation in mind. In this case, you can create your own custom implementation.

> It's recommended to read the [serialization overview](./serialization/serialization-overview.md) to understand how Netcode for GameObjects handles serialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Read the [Serialization overview](./serialization/serialization-overview.md) page to understand how Netcode for GameObjects handles serialization.
```

You can use `AreEqual` to determine if a value is different from the value that `Duplicate` cached. This avoids sending the same value multiple times. You can also use the previous value that `Duplicate` cached to calculate deltas to use in `ReadDelta` and `WriteDelta`.

The type you use must be serializable according to the [supported types list](./networkvariable.md#supported-types). Each type needs its own serializer instantiated, so this step tells the codegen which types to create serializers for. Unity's code generator assumes that all `NetworkVariable` types exist as fields inside NetworkBehaviour types. This means that Unity only inspects fields inside NetworkBehaviour types to identify the types to create serializers for.

> [!NOTE]

> > These attributes won't generate delta serialization. If you would like to customize how deltas are sent when a custom value has partially changed, look into [`UserNetworkVariableSerialization`](../advanced-topics/custom-serialization.md#networkvariable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> These attributes won't generate delta serialization. If you would like to customize how deltas are sent when a custom value has partially changed, refer to [`UserNetworkVariableSerialization`](../advanced-topics/custom-serialization.md#networkvariable).
```
